1. You’re the developer responsible for creating our payment posting system on the Voxus web
platform. This system should allow our financial team to create, update, delete, and list all
payments directly through the platform.

1.1. Create a web page with a function that allows users to insert new payments at
the platform. The payment must contain a title, a value, a date, an external tax and
comments.
A few rules must be applied before the record get inserted into the database:
- Title must have between 5 and 100 characters;
- Value must be a decimal value. Any non numeric value must not be
accepted;
- Date must be on the pattern Y-m-d (year-month-day);
- External tax is a fixed value of 5% of the value of the payment and must be
automatically calculated by your code;
- The observations box can or cannot be filled by the user;


1.2. Create a web page with a function to list all the payments through the platform.
All payment posting data should be listed, displaying payment posting id, title, value,
date, external tax and comments.

1.3. On the list of payments, create a function that deletes the selected payment on
the click of a button.
1.4. Still on the list of payments, create a function to edit payments that were
already inserted in the platform. The same rules applied in the insertion should be
considered on the editing feature.

2. Some payments are pre-saved on .xlsx files (a simple file from Excel) and our financial team
needs to be capable of uploading these files into the platform. The platform should accept
these files and save them into the database (use the .xlsx file “Arquivo base - Desafio Voxus”).


2.1. Create a web page with a function that allows the user to upload a .xlsx file and
keep the file saved in their project folder. No validation is needed, you just need the file
uploaded and saved into the project folder.


2.2. Change the behavior of the previous function to make your code read the
uploaded file and create a new record in the database from the provided information on
the file.
